do you think your friend Khan can do
what needs to be done can we will make
it if you do fail me go be a debauch
[Music]
waited a long time for a shot like this
I'm not afraid nor like to live with the
price one unit could spend the rest of
your life looking over your chart I can
take out the guards at the perimeter
signalmen pilot how I'll just take them
up what are we looking at you have a
talent for sticking your nose in work
done wrong I just couldn't help but
notice you're wearing a uniform Pok full
of laser burns so either you heal real
quick or you stole it off a dead man now
Imperial Army you're thieves here to
steal equipment for a job and I want it
well now we gotta shoot him no snap his
neck it's less than us I heard about
this big I want him you come to the
right place
here we go
when have I ever steered you wrong I'm
gonna be a pilot
best in the galaxy I like this kid
heard about a job big shot gangster
putting together crew we need an
incredibly fast ship and a brilliant
pilot we've got the pilot the real
questions who's gonna be my co-pilot
they anticipate your opponent now you
can't wipe them off they're Holograms
I'm a driver a great pilot
you're gonna need a nickname cuz I ain't
saying that everytime console
[Music]
I thought
you win wait a long time for a shot like
this what are you doing with having the
boy we need a ship the Millennium
Falcon's every ship isn't for everyone
she needs a particular type of pilot
begun flirting
these people not your friend
there's a lesson to be learned here
let's get this done as quick as possible
my when I [ __ ] a lot baby
[Music]
the wookie what are you
get ready we're gonna make it
now we're in trouble for a second but
it's fine we're fine
just sit open please I heard you won
your [ __ ] playing cards it's true
fastest in the galaxy but my ship isn't
for everyone
you got what it takes there's only one
way to find that
whoa whoa and slow down my we'll quit
while you're ahead
I want to quit while you're behind
we need to divert an auxilary power to
the rear deflector shield we definitely
do
[Music]
since when do you know how to fly 190
years old look great here we get it
Oh
[Music]
so mo a Star Wars story rated pg-13